Adding valuing people-process image (#3381)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/acknowledgement/acknowledgement-members.md

For example, writing _The Turing Way_ chapter is an iterative process that involves designing, outlining, writing, reviewing, and editing its contents.
Similarly, community-oriented processes evolve over time with the help and feedback from the community members.

```{figure} ../../figures/people-process.*
---
height: 500px
name: people-process

> alt: Cartoon-like sketch with pink colours of a large sunflower with a star in the middle sitting on top of the ground. It has the text next to the flower that says 'valuing people and processes behind research'. Underneath the ground are three roots - each with an image of a person at the end. The root images are a lady presenting a talk, a man in a lab coat collecting data and a person with glasses working at a laptop computer. They are representing the hidden work that goes into research.

Author: ```suggestion
alt: Cartoon-like sketch with pink colours of a large sunflower with a star in the middle sitting on top of the ground. It has the text next to the flower that says 'valuing people and processes behind research'. Underneath the ground are three roots - each with an image of a person at the end. The root images are a femaile-presenting person presenting a talk, a male-presenting person with a moustache in a lab coat collecting data and a person with glasses working at a laptop computer. They are representing the hidden work that goes into research.
```

> alt: Cartoon-like sketch with pink colours of a large sunflower with a star in the middle sitting on top of the ground. It has the text next to the flower that says 'valuing people and processes behind research'. Underneath the ground are three roots - each with an image of a person at the end. The root images are a female-presenting person presenting a talk, a male-presenting person with a moustache in a lab coat collecting data and a person with glasses working at a laptop computer. They are representing the hidden work that goes into research.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt: Cartoon-like sketch with pink colours of a large sunflower with a star in the middle sitting on top of the ground. It has the text next to the flower that says 'valuing people and processes behind research'. Below the ground, three roots extend, each terminating with an illustrated figure symbolising the often hidden efforts in research. From left to right: a female presenter giving a talk, a mustached male figure in a lab coat collecting data, and a person with glasses diligently working on a laptop. These figures represent the unseen work integral to the research process.
```

> alt: Cartoon-like sketch with pink colours of a large sunflower with a star in the middle sitting on top of the ground. It has the text next to the flower that says 'valuing people and processes behind research'. Underneath the ground are three roots - each with an image of a person at the end. The root images are a femaile-presenting person presenting a talk, a male-presenting person with a moustache in a lab coat collecting data and a person with glasses working at a laptop computer. They are representing the hidden work that goes into research.

Author: ```suggestion
alt: Cartoon-like sketch with pink colours of a large sunflower with a star in the middle sitting on top of the ground. It has the text next to the flower that says 'valuing people and processes behind research'. Underneath the ground are three roots - each with an image of a person at the end. The root images are a female-presenting person presenting a talk, a male-presenting person with a moustache in a lab coat collecting data and a person with glasses working at a laptop computer. They are representing the hidden work that goes into research.
```

> alt: Cartoon-like sketch with pink colours of a large sunflower with a star in the middle sitting on top of the ground. It has the text next to the flower that says 'valuing people and processes behind research'. Below the ground, three roots extend, each terminating with an illustrated figure symbolising the often hidden efforts in research. From left to right: a female presenter giving a talk, a mustached male figure in a lab coat collecting data, and a person with glasses diligently working on a laptop. These figures represent the unseen work integral to the research process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt: Cartoon-like sketch with pink colours of a large sunflower with a star in the middle sitting on top of the ground. It has the text next to the flower that says 'valuing people and processes behind research'. Below the ground, three roots extend, each terminating with an illustrated figure symbolising the often hidden efforts in research. From left to right, a female presenter giving a talk, a mustached male figure in a lab coat collecting data, and a person with glasses diligently working on a laptop. These figures represent the unseen work integral to the research process.
```

Reviewer: Just removing the ":", hopefully it will do the trick!
